## TSC Meeting - 18th August 2022

The purpose of this meeting was to review the Regnosys Rosetta DSL contribution, as outlined in their [contribution issue](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/197). We debated whether it adhered to the [principles](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/19) we have been developing in order to assess the suitability of contributions.

## Attendees

Given the nature of this meeting, attendees are not recorded.

## Summary of our recommendations

The following is a summary of our recommendations to the FINOS Governing Board and FINOS Team. We considered the proposed contribution from the perspective of each principle.

### [Contributions must be aligned with the purpose of FINOS](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/15)

The consensus opinion here was very positive, regulatory challenges are a common concern across the industry. A project that seeks to reduce mutualise effort expended in meeting regulations is clearly of value to the industry. Effective modelling is an important aspect of many regulations.

### [An open source project that is a component of a commercial offering must provide tangible value in its own right](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/21)

Considering that Rosetta is developed by a commercial entity, we paid particular attention to this principle. This was a topic we covered in detail in our [meeting with Regnosys earlier in the month](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/blob/master/meetings/2022-08-03.md).

Rosetta is built using a number of exiting open source projects, most notably the the Eclipse Modelling Framework (EMF). As a result, this provides tooling support for Rosetta without the need for any additional proprietary technology.

Regnosys provide a community edition of their modelling tool. However, with the Eclipse tooling, this isn't needed in order to develop models using the Rosetta DSL.

From the information presented, we are confident that this project will provide tangible value of itself.

### [A proposed standard must not compete with other FINOS standards](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/17)

The consensus among the TSC is that Rosetta is a project and not a standard, therefore, this principle doesn't apply. However, we are mindful that a language (i.e. a DSL) could also be considered a standard, as well as a technology project (i.e. a toolchain).

On further discussion, the problem with competing standards is that they lead to fragmentation across the industry. FINOS promotes cooperation within the industry, and as a result should seek to minimise fragmentation, and therefore should not promote competing standards.

We do not believe that Rosetta will result in fragmentation, and FINOS will not be promoting it a definitive standard. Having multiple options for modelling creates a clear pathway for other regulators to join FINOS.

### [Contributions should be long-term projects](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/24)

This project has existed for a number of years and is clearly an important component of Regnosys' product suite. It clearly has longevity.

### [Contributions should generate interest within the member organisations](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/16)

It is not immediately apparent that FINOS members would want to contribute to the DSL development itself. However, the data models that are produced will be of obvious interest to member organisations. The combination of open source models and an open source DSL (i.e a modelling language that is not proprietary) is a good combination.

### [A proposed contribution that competes with an existing FINOS project should consider potential routes to a merger](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/18)

The Rosetta team recently participated in a 'tech sprint' in collaboration with the Morphir team, resulting in a prototype generator that demonstrated combined value for both projects. The Rosetta team are very open to further collaboration.

### Conclusion

It was felt that this potential contribution meets all of our requirements as defined by these principles. Our recommendation is that this contribution should be accepted.

