## TSC Meeting - 20th July 2022

Meeting agenda: https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/22


## Attendees

TSC members
 - Colin Eberhardt (chair)
 - Riko Eksteen, @rikoe, Adaptive
 - Martin Traverse, @martin-traverse, Accenture
 - Elspeth Minty, @eminty69, RBC
 - Stephen Goldbaum, @stephengoldbaumyes, MS
 - Cara Delia, @cdeliaRH, Red Hat
 - Beeke-Marie Nelke, @beekemarie, GS
 - Olivier Poupeney, @opoupeney, Symphony
 - Jon Freedman, @jonfreedman, Point 72
 - Veronica Quinones, @vquinon, BMO
 - Bill Cameron, @billc123-jam, Citi

FINOS Team
  - Jane Gavronsky
  - Rob Moffat
  - Juan Estrella

## Minutes
 
### Housekeeping

 - We've had a few issues with meeting management, going forwards Colin will ensure that the meeting details are included in the agenda (which is a GitHub discussion)
 - Some TSC members are not able to contribute to GitHub discussions, but are able to read them. The group are happy for those members to send any comments or ideas via our email distribution list

 ### Contribution Principles

  - Colin re-iterated the current approach
    - FINOS currently has a contribution process, and an incubation checklist, however much of this is focussed on hygiene factors (security, licensing)
    - The TSC shouldn't be involved in the hygiene factors, or at least the execution of these hygiene checks.
    - The TSC is best placed to making recommendations based on more high-level concerns
    - These are the concerns we are seeking to capture as principles
    - We may consider a contribution to be a 'pass', but if it fails a hygiene test, this means it doesn't become contributed
    - Also, throughout all of this, we should consider ourselves to be representatives of FINOS, its members and its interests - as a result, we can make decisions as representative of that group. In other words, we can determine if something is potentially of interest to the FINOS members without asking them directly.
  - All agreed with the above.
  - Colin noted that there has been some lively and [productive discussions around the principles](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions).
  - Colin asked the group hwo we should progress this initiative?
  - Jon suggested we continue with this asynchronous discussion, with an aim of summarising the output in ~2 weeks
    - All agreed that this was a good approach.
  - There was some further discussion on the nature of the principles
  - Riko asked whether 'tangible value' needs specifying via criteria or measures?
    - there was general agreement that subjective is OK as long as we are transparent and record our decisions
  - Rob suggested we use Rosetta as a test-case for the principles, and develop them iteratively
  - Jon noted that while we record decisions and these should be public, we cannot attribute comments
  - Elspeth noted that this is too much detail, we should be representing the consensus, not individual attributable comments


### Regnosys contribution

 - Colin outlined the Regnosys contribution process:
   - over the next 2 weeks we organise a demo from Regnosys and undertake our own research
   - we use the meeting 3rd August for this demo (if Regnosys are in agreement)
   - we use our 'principles' to guide further discussion and aim to make a decision on 17th August
 - Olivier agreed, this is a good approach, and asked if we set an agenda?
 - Martin would like to understand how you would use it in practice, and how useful is that, he skimmed through their DSL, what level are they describing?
 - Stephen asked about our current concerns? Highlighting that "is it really open source?" is probably the most pertinent question.
 - Riko asked if we should be evaluating technology viability or quality?
   - Jon highlighted that the longevity principle covers this to a certain extent
   - Stephen suggested that this may not be relevant to the Regnosys contribution, so perhaps leave this for a future discussion?
   - There was general agreement with this point
 - The group agreed the following next-steps
   - Colin approach Regnosys to request a demo / discussion
   - If in agreement, the TSC uses the [Regnosys contribution issue](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/197) to share questions ahead of the session.






