## TSC Meeting - 26th October 2022

Meeting agenda: https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/45

## Attendees

TSC members
 - Colin Eberhardt, @ColinEberhardt, Scott Logic (chair)
 - Elspeth Minty, @eminty69, RBC
 - Olivier Poupeney, @opoupeney, Symphony
 - Bill Cameron, @billc123-jam, Citi
 - Beeke-Marie Nelke, @beekemarie, GS
 - Bruno Domingues, @brunodom, Intel
 - Jon Freedman, @jonfreedman, Point 72
 - Stephen Goldbaum, @stephengoldbaumyes, MS

FINOS Team
 - Gabriele Columbro
 - Rob Moffat
 - Jane Gavronsky
 - Juan Estrella

## Minutes

### TSC 6-month trial

 - It was noted that the TSC has now been running for ~5 months, and that the initial goal was to run this process for a 6-month trial period
 - Questions were asked about whether the trail has achieved its goals and 'what next?'
 - Colin reported that the FINOS GB extended the trial for a further 3 month period
 - We have made great progress in handling contributions, but need to look at how we provide a more broad impact - and ensure TSC members add value beyond the monthly meetings
 - Colin & Gab will discuss the success criteria so that a more objective assessment can be made in 3 months time

### Contribution Process

 - With our [contribution principles](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/blob/master/contribution-principles.md) we now have a consistent and relatively repeatable process for assessing contributions. This has been successfully used for ~3 relatively complex contributions to date, where the TSC has met as a group and discussed the contributions, often with the potential contributors.
 - There are a number of other contributions in the pipeline, many of which are relatively simple in nature (mature projects contributed by FINOS members), these don't need the full attention of the TSC as a group.
 - We discussed how we can simplify the process in order to fast-track the more straightforward proposals
 - It was suggested that for each proposed contribution, we assign a TSC member, they will:
   - perform an initial assessment of the contribution, ad if it is quite straightforward, write a brief narrative based on our contribution principles, then circulate among teh TSC members for comment
   - if they feel another group (SIG / project) within FINOS is better placed to assess the contribution, they will recommend that we delegate
   - for more complicated proposals, they will call on the TSC as a group to discuss
 - The group agreed that this is a suitable route forwards, and that we will assign contributions to TSC members offline

### Project Archiving

 - Following on from the [discussion in our previous meeting](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/45#:~:text=discussion%20in%20our%20previous%20meeting), Rob would like some assistance from the group.
 - He would like to look at the existing pages relating to archiving and suggest improvements
 - There are also some new metrics, but they need a way to operationalise them
 - Rob is looking for expertise, and also authority - we need to work out how to bring in the authority of the TSC into this process
 - Rob is looking for some volunteers to create a process, then report back to the TSC

### ISDA CDM Contribution

 - We were joined by David Shone, Rubby Vincent and Ian Sloyan to discuss the recommendations we have made regarding the roadmap for long-term development of the CDM
 - We presented a high-level overview of our recommendations and discussions were held
 - The CDM team need more time to digest these recommendations.
