## TSC Meeting - 31st August 2022

Meeting agenda: https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/37
Slides: [2022-09-29-slides.pdf](./2022-09-29-slides.pdf)

## Attendees

TSC members
 - Colin Eberhardt, @ColinEberhardt, Scott Logic (chair)
 - Elspeth Minty, @eminty69, RBC
 - Cara Delia, @cdeliaRH, Red Hat
 - Olivier Poupeney, @opoupeney, Symphony
 - Bruno Domingues, @brunodom, Intel
 - Stephen Goldbaum, @stephengoldbaumyes, MS
 - Bill Cameron, @billc123-jam, Citi

FINOS Team
  - Juan Estrella

## Minutes

### Contribution Principles

 - Following an email vote, a majority approval has been reached
 - We determined that this was sufficient, and these have been merged https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/pull/36

### Making this repo public

 - It is the intention to make this repo public for purposes of transparency and accountability
 - A [suitable disclaimer has been added](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/pull/33), and the group are happy for this repo to be made public
 - **ACTION** A request has been sent to the FINOS team to make the repo public

### Contributions

 - We discussed a couple of the upcoming contributions.
 - [Vuu](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/206)
   - The group agreed that this project sounds interesting. We'll follow the same process that we undertook when evaluating Regnosys / Rosetta.
   - **ACTION** Colin to set up a session for the Vuu team to present to the TSC
 - [Desktop Agent Bridge](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/204)
   - The group indicated that we have some knowledge of FDC3, however the FDC3 working group has superior knowledge than the TSC
   - As a result, we'd like to delegate the evaluation of this contribution, [based on our contribution principles](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/blob/master/contribution-principles.md) to the FDC3
   - **ACTION** Colin to engage with the FDC3 working group
   - It was noted that there are potentially higher priority activities for FDC3 (e.g. identity), and that this group should aim to provide forward-looking steering for FDC3 (and other FINOS projects), rather than just reacting to inbound requests
   - A question was asked about which contributions come to the TSC for approval
     - Currently we [are involved in all contributions](https://github.com/finos/community/pull/207). This is something we may need to evolve in the future.

### FINOS infrastructure contributions

  - We discussed a couple of contributions that relate to FINOS infrastructure:
     - [OpenSSF Badging](https://github.com/finos/community/pull/185)
     - [Security Scanning](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/201)
  - There was agreement that we should have a view on the quality requirement for projects, however, reviewing pull requests and code is a bit too detail-level for the team
  - There was broad agreement that alignment with emerging standards (OpenSSF) is something we'd encourage
  - **ACTION** Colin communicate to FINOS that we agree ith both contributions in principle, however, if they need further code review or oversight, other options may need to be explored.

### AOB

  - We agreed that meetings should move to a monthly cadence
  - A number of members will be attending OSFF in New York, 8th Dec, and are keen to meet up!