## TSC Meeting - 16th June 2022

Meeting agenda: https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/issues/1
Slides: [2022-06-16-slides.pdf](./2022-06-16-slides.pdf)

## Attendees

TSC members
 - Colin Eberhardt (chir)
 - Martin Traverse, @martin-traverse, Accenture
 - Peter Thomas, @peter-thomas-db, Deutsche
 - Stephen Goldbaum, @stephengoldbaumyes, MS
 - Veronica Quinones, @vquinon, BMO
 - Beeke-Marie Nelke, @beekemarie, GS
 - Bill Cameron, @billc123-jam, Citi
 - Bruno Domingues, @brunodom, Intel
 - Olivier Poupeney, @opoupeney, Symphony
 - Cara Delia, @cdeliaRH, Red Hat
 - Riko Eksteen, @rikoe, Adaptive
 - Jon Freedman, @jonfreedman, Point 72

FINOS Team
  - Gabriele Columbro
  - Rob Moffat
  - Jane Gavronsky
  - Juan Estrella

## Minutes

### Background

 - Colin presented the TSC background and formation timeline
  - The pilot is intended to demonstrate the viability of the TSC, we're taking an agile approach.
  - Our short-term goal is to deliver value, rather than focus on structure, processes and governance (beyond that which we need in the short-term)
 - Gab shared further aspirational goals for the TSC, and re-iterated that this is a pilot project. We need to demonstrate the value this group can deliver in order to make it a on-going concern

### Group introductions

 - Each TSC member introduced themselves, highlighting their experience within FINOS.
 - We have an experienced team!
   - Martin is the lead maintainer of TRAC
   - Olivier is a maintainer of FDC3
   - Colin has been involved in multiple projects and was previously on the FINOS board
   - Riko has a wealth of experience in, and was previously a mainatiner of FDC3
   - Peter is involved in CFI / CSC / FDX
   - Jon is a long=time member of FINOS (and Sumphony Foundation)
   - Veronica has helped integrate various FINOS projects into BMP, including Perspective
   - Beeke-Marie, manages teh Legend project team and is a member of the D&I SIG 
   - Stephen, leads on Morphir and is a member of the RegTech SIG
   - Bill, Cara and Bruno have a wealth of industry experience and wish to become more active contributors.

### Ways of Working

  - We briefly discussed our current infrastructure (GitHub, email, meetings)
  - Jon expressed a preference for working asynchronously, and all agreed
  - **[ACTION]** Colin will kick-off a small task to work out which channels we should use

### Initial assignment

  - Colin and Gab described our initial assignment, optimise the contribution process and start executing it against the current backlog.
  - The group shared their contribution experiences and thoughts
  Contribution
  - Jon, Point 72 have someone contributions in-process
    - there are lots of steps and it feels quite onerous
    - if it is a large firm, strategic firm-wide, this feels compatible, lots of internal support, for smaller firms, this is a challenge
    - Gab pointed out that a number of the (~60) contributions steps are for the FINOS team
  - Peter asked whether FINOS have a strategy for areas of contribution?
    - he noted that we need to ensure that projects have broad industry appeal
    - Gab and Colin both agreed and highlighted that the GB (Governing Board) provides this direction
    - **[ACTION]** Gab share GB priorities with the group
  - Bill asked if we have a pipeline of contributions?
    - Gab directed the group to the [current pipeline on GitHub](https://github.com/finos/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Acontribution+)
    - Colin noted that there is a pipeline, but we want to solidify the process ahead of executing it
    - Gab also shared some further information about the GB structure
  - Gab reflected on the priorities, and highlighted that from is perspective:
    - it is less about the mechanics of the process, and more about general guidelines of desirability, how does it align to the FINOS landscape?
    - e.g. ensure 'interest' from member firms
  - Riko pointed out that 'contribution' is a overloaded term, he thought this assignment was about PRs, i.e. code contributiosn to existing projects
    - he has been involved in contributions, regarding 'fit' how do you evaluate whether something fits according to domain? How 'deep' do we need to go into the domain
  - Jane noted that when she joined FINOS, she tried to make sense of the FINOS landscape, but struggled to understand the picture
    - tried to group and classify projects 'touching each other' in some way
    - ideally contributed project should enhance the landscape, connecting together
  - Closing remarks from Gab
    - elaborated on some of the future activities that the TSC could undertake
 