## TSC Meeting - 26th October 2022

Meeting agenda: https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/41

## Attendees

TSC members
 - Colin Eberhardt, @ColinEberhardt, Scott Logic (chair)
 - Elspeth Minty, @eminty69, RBC
 - Olivier Poupeney, @opoupeney, Symphony
 - Bill Cameron, @billc123-jam, Citi
 - Cara Delia, @cdeliaRH, Red Hat
 - Stephen Goldbaum, @stephengoldbaumyes, MS
 - Martin Traverse, @martin-traverse, Accenture
 - Jon Freedman, @jonfreedman, Point 72
 
FINOS Team
 - Gabriele Columbro
 - Rob Moffat
 - Jane Gavronsky
 - Juan Estrella

## Minutes

### Contributions

 - It was noted that the group had recently approved the following contributions:
   - [Desktop Agent Bridge](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/204)
   - [Vuu](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/206)
 - We have one more contribution in the pipeline:
   - [Compliance Horizon Scanning](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/195)
 - It was noted tha this project has already been shared at the All Community call
 - The TSC feel that sharing projects ahead of contribution is premature
 - The FINOS team agree, and will avoid doing this in the future
 - The information relating to this contribution is limited
 - **ACTION** Colin will ask Synechron to provide more detail

### ISDA CDM 

 - Jane led a discussion on the ISDA CDM on-boarding
 - FINOS won the RFP back in July
 - ISLA and ICMA have committed to contributing
 - the CDM project alreayd has a community, there are questions about how to merge this community with the FINOS one
 - Modelling has ben taking place using Rosetta, they have also trailed the use of Legend
 - It was noted that while the models are important, it is the generated bindings that most people will consume, hence these may be more important
 - Gab would like to announce this in Dec 8th at OSFF
 - There are some decisions needed about the primary modelling language
 - The TSC should provide technical input
 - We need to balance the needs of the consumers, contributors, community, and FINOS members
 - **ACTION** Jane to schedule a session with the TSC to provide more information and form a recommendation
 - It was also noted that the TSC need to know more about the details of this project, and what exactly has been contributed, ahead of making recommendations
 - **ACTION** Jane share details of the RFP
 
### Project archiving

 - Rob led a discussion on archiving
 - They have been developing tools that allow them to asses project health, e.g. security scanning, CVE checking, commit activity
 - They need some help in developing rules for archiving
 - Notably, [FINOS already have a process for archiving](https://community.finos.org/docs/governance/Software-Projects/stages/archived), the challenge here is how to operate the process
 - It was noted that FINOS also needs to improve other state transitions, e.g. activation
 - It was noted that the tooling should be used to identify 'at risk' projects, rather that automate the entire process.
 - **ACTION** It was a little unclear how the TSC can help out, perhaps we can help develop more rules? However, it sounds like the FINOS team might need our help in operating the process - i.e. contacting maintainers who are flagged for archiving
