## TSC Meeting - 16th June 2022

Meeting agenda: https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/issues/11
Slides: [2022-06-29-slides.pdf](./2022-06-29-slides.pdf)

## Attendees

TSC members
 - Colin Eberhardt (chair)
 - Martin Traverse, @martin-traverse, Accenture
 - Stephen Goldbaum, @stephengoldbaumyes, MS
 - Veronica Quinones, @vquinon, BMO
 - Beeke-Marie Nelke, @beekemarie, GS
 - Olivier Poupeney, @opoupeney, Symphony
 - Riko Eksteen, @rikoe, Adaptive
 - Jon Freedman, @jonfreedman, Point 72
 - Elspeth Minty, @eminty69, RBC

FINOS Team
  - Gabriele Columbro
  - Rob Moffat
  - Juan Estrella

## Minutes

### Recap of activities since last meeting

 - Colin presented the progress since last meeting
  - [meeting minutes from 2022-06-16 published](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/blob/master/meetings/2022-06-16.md)
  - [ways of working defined](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee#ways-of-working)
  - Elspeth Minty welcomed to the group ðŸ‘‹
 
### Housekeeping, how we determine meeting day / time

 - Today's meeting was [scheduled for a Wednesday via a poll](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/6)
 - How do we want to handle this going forwards?
 - **DECISION** - the group unanimously decided that we hold regular meetings on the same day of the week. We'll opt for Wednesdays 4pm (UTC).

 ### High-level project plan

  - The group discussed the high-level plan as proposed by Colin (see meeting slides), with a discussion following
  - Martin - Is it worth breaking principles down / grouping them?
    - the group agreed that this was a good suggestions
  - Gab - has the TSC looked at the [incubation checklist](https://community.finos.org/docs/governance/software-projects/stages/incubating/#incubating-lifecycle-checklist)? (most TSC members have not). The current process focussed on legal and compliance. Gab very much recommends that we don't spend too much time on considering these aspects as we already have good coverage. Instead we should prioritise focussing on project 'fit'
  - Riko - is there a mission statement / vision we can use to inform these principles?
  - Gab - we do have a charter / vision
    - **ACTION** Gab to share
  - Gab mentioned that we get challenges such as â€˜perspective isnâ€™t just used in FSâ€™, so why is it in FINOS? FINOS has evolved to include some quite industry specific projects / standards, however, they are also happy with projects / standards where the primary audience is FS. These help FS companies become more comfortable contributing to them 
  - Colin noted that we (the TSC) represent a significant cross-section of the membership, we are empowered to create these principles, yes, we should be guided by FINOS purpose / vision, but this isn't merely a translation process
  - Gab - our pipeline is growing, an earlier definition of desirability would be good, we have several contributions that need our input
    - **ACTION** - Gab to provide the TSC with some deadlines, which contributions does FINOS need the TSC to help with? and when?
  - Olivier - the plan is good, but just covers the initial contribution, what about commits to existing projects? we need to be clear on language and terminology
  - Gab - advised that the TSC read the [contribution page]( https://community.finos.org/docs/governance/Software-Projects/contribution) and noted that maintainers are empowered to assess contributions at the project level
  - Olivier - a future contribution to a project could â€˜go againstâ€™ a guideline used as part of the on-boarding process
  - Colin and Riko both highlighted the importance of on-going curation as another potential TSC activity
  - Elspeth noted that this should be added to a TODO list
  - Colin encouraged the group to capture the other activities the group feels the TSC should undertake as issues or discussions.
  - **DECISION** the group agrees to follow the plan as outlined in the slide deck
 

 ### Discussion relating to the 'questions' we need to ask when evaluating a contribution

  - following on from [the discussion held here](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/10)
  - Steve - do we allow competing projects?
  - Colin shared his opinion that we should allow competing projects, but not competing standards
  - Olivier - agreed
  - Riko highlighted that choice (of projects) is a good thing
  - Steve asked whether we want to host projects that overlap in functionality
  - Colin suggested that perhaps the TSCs tole is to recommend alignment, and noted that we need to be careful with our language when defining principles, this feels like a 'should' rather than a 'must'

### Meeting close / AOB

  - Gab shared with thee group that the board meets in 2 weeks time, Colin will provide a brief update to the board regarding TSC progress and activities. Gab also highlighted his desire to make the TSC a formal part of FINOS governance from next year
  - Gab also encouraged TSC members to promote the [OSFF conference](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-finance-forum-london/). 





