## TSC Meeting - 5th July 2023

Meeting agenda: https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/issues/73

## Attendees

TSC members
 - Colin Eberhardt, @ColinEberhardt, Scott Logic (chair)
 - Elspeth Minty, @eminty69, RBC
 - Riko Eksteen, @rikoe, Adaptive
 - Bruno Domingues, @brunodom, Intel
 - Stephen Goldbaum, @stephengoldbaumyes, MS
 - Olivier Poupeney, @opoupeney, Orkes

FINOS Team
 - Juan Estrella
 - Maurizio Pillitu
 - Gabriele Columbro
 - Jane Gavronsky

Apologies from:
 - Jon Freedman, @jonfreedman, Brevan Howard 

## Minutes

### Discussion on the TSC charter

 - We are close to finalising the TSC charter, most recent discussion can be [found here](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/72)
 - There were no objections to the charter (including the change of name from TSC to TOC), from the group
 - There was some discussion about the responsibility to "leverage their organisation", some TOC members may not have that leverage. A suitable alternative could be to simply state that a members would be active advocates of FINOS.

### Discussion on meeting cadence

 - For the past three meetings we have been trailing a fortnightly cadence, as a result the agenda has become more 'light'
 - The group were generally happy to continue with smaller, more regular meetings.
 - It was pointed out that this increased cadence creates more admin work for the chair
 - It was greed that we should see an alternate, who can take on some of this burden
 - **ACTION** Colin to ask for a volunteer to act as alternate
