## TSC Meeting - 20th June 2023

Meeting agenda: https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/issues/69

## Attendees

TSC members
 - Colin Eberhardt, @ColinEberhardt, Scott Logic (chair)
 - Ephrim Stanley, @epsstan, GS
 - Riko Eksteen, @rikoe, Adaptive
 - Stephen Goldbaum, @stephengoldbaumyes, MS
 - Bill Cameron, @billc123-jam, Citi
 - Veronica Quinones, @vquinon, BMO
 - Jon Freedman, @jonfreedman, Brevan Howard 
 - Olivier Poupeney, @opoupeney, Orkes

FINOS Team
 - Juan Estrella
 - Maurizio Pillitu
 - Gabriele Columbro

Apologies from:
 - Elspeth Minty, @eminty69, RBC

## Minutes

### Discussion on the Accessibility Theme Builder contribution

 - The Accessibility Theme Builder has recently been [proposed as a contribution](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/273)
 - At the moment, the FINOS team are presenting it to gauge community interest. It is not ready for formal TSC review yet.
 - The TSC are encouraged to engage in the 'community interest' process, adding thoughts or comments to the issue
 - It is suggested that the FINOS team use the TSC email list in future as a way to point the TSC towards these more informal activities

### Discussion on project activation

 - A continuation of our discussion on project activation from our [previous TSC meeting](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/blob/master/meetings/2023-06-07.md#discussion-on-project-activation)
 - There was further discussion and general agreement that the activation step of the lifecycle is something that could be refined
 - Gab indicated that the 'Active' doesn't really feel right and that FINOS are open to suggestions
 - It was decided that this should be tackled via a 'working group' who would meet outside of the regular TSC meeting cadence
 - **ACTION** - Mao to set up this working group