## TSC Meeting - 19th April 2023

Meeting agenda: https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/61

## Attendees

TSC members
 - Colin Eberhardt, @ColinEberhardt, Scott Logic (chair)
 - Bruno Domingues, @brunodom, Intel
 - Stephen Goldbaum, @stephengoldbaumyes, MS
 - Jon Freedman, @jonfreedman, Brevan Howard 
 - Elspeth Minty, @eminty69, RBC
 - Olivier Poupeney, @opoupeney, Symphony 

Apologies received
 - Beeke-Marie Nelke, @beekemarie, GS
 
FINOS Team
 - Juan Estrella
 - Maurizio Pillitu

## Minutes

### TSC participation in project activation
  
 - In our previous TSC meeting we had discussed a request from the FINOS team to help in the process of activating projects (i.e. moving from incubating to activated as part of the project lifecycle)
 - The conclusion we reached was that the FINOS team needed to be more specific about the parts of the process the TSC would be involved in 
 - Mao created the [following discussion thread](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/58), outlining the specifics
   - The TSC should also be free to comment more broadly on a given activation, looking beyond the areas outlined
 - We discussed, and agreed that the outlined points for TSC consideration were suitable
 - We agreed to use a similar process to contribution evaluation, with a TSC member being volunteered / allocated to pick up a given activation
 - We agrees that a nominal one month 'SLA' is reasonable.
 - Colin and Elspeth volunteered to review the [recent Morphir activation](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/230).

### TSC Governance

 - The group were given an update on the TSC Governance / Charter
   - Reduction in group size from 14 to 12
   - TSC members each serve a two year term, ideally not all aligned (i.e. ending at different times) 
   - Further detail on voting parties, using the existing FINOS voting rules (for GB membership)
   - Further detail on election process, elections held up to twice per year, based on demand (i.e. vacant seats) 
   - Further detail on responsibilities, as recently proposed by the FINOS team
 - All were happy with the changes
 - We briefly discussed the potential concerns of the GB, all agreed that we feel this proposal is both sustainable and effective, and historic challenges faced with a similar structure (Symphony Software Foundation ESCO) are highly unlikely to repeat themselves

### Meeting minutes via GitHub Issues

 - The FINOS team have proposed we use the FINOS standard approach of capturing meeting agendas and minutes as GitHub issues - [see this PR](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/pull/56)
 - All are happy with this approach