## TSC Meeting - 17th May 2023

Meeting agenda: https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/issues/63

## Attendees

TSC members
 - Colin Eberhardt, @ColinEberhardt, Scott Logic (chair)
 - Bruno Domingues, @brunodom, Intel
 - Stephen Goldbaum, @stephengoldbaumyes, MS
 - Jon Freedman, @jonfreedman, Brevan Howard 
 - Elspeth Minty, @eminty69, RBC
 - Bill Cameron, @billc123-jam, Citi
 - Ephrim Stanley
 - Cara Delia, @cdeliaRH, Red Hat

FINOS Team
 - Juan Estrella
 - Maurizio Pillitu
 - Gabriele Columbro

## Minutes

### Discussion of the TSC responsibilities
 
 - A candidate set of responsibilities and expectations have been agreed by the board
 - There have been modest refinements, but no material changes since the [TSC session in January](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/blob/master/meetings/2023-01-18.md#tsc-responsibilities)
 - The final step is for the TSC to [approve via the following PR](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/pull/64)
 - We determined that these would be approved by silent consensus, unless anyone in the TSC objects by 26th May, these will be merged an accepted

### Update on project activations

 - Elspeth gave an update on the [Morphir activation](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/230) which has been approved by the TSC
   - the feeling was that the 3 criteria used for assessment were suitable
   - the time it takes to review an activation seems reasonable
 - Bruno gave an update on the [SpringBot activation](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/236)
   - this one was a bit more challenging, with the subjective nature of the criteria presenting a challenge
   - it was generally felt that this project should be activated, but perhaps the process was too prescriptive
 - There followed a general discussion around simplifying some of the project lifecycle
   - by comparison, the [CNCF project lifecycle is simpler](https://github.com/cncf/toc/blob/main/process/graduation_criteria.md), with only one of the transitions (sandbox => incubating) involving a significant audit
   - the FINOS team are open to suggested refinements to the lifecycle process from the TSC

### Meeting cadence

 - it was discussed whether the TSC needed a co-chair
   - it was concluded that in the absence of the chair, someone would volunteer to run the meeting and publish minutes
 - the meeting frequency was discussed
   - it was concluded that we will trial fortnightly 30min meetings, with some variability in day / time

### Updates and AOB

  - there were updated provided on the Architecture as Code SIG, Zenith SIG and FINOS Member Meeting in London
